Proposal
================
Fengdi Zhang, fz2328 Tianyou Wang, tw2838 Qiaoyi Xu, qx2222 Chaoqun
Zhou, cz2689
2022-11-10

111 The tentative project title Marijuana Use and Mental Health The
motivation for this project There are around 48 million people in US
using marijuana, and it could lead to various health impacts. Marijuana
use has been causing significant social impacts and attracting a vast
amount of public attention as more and more states are initiating the
process of legalizing marijuana use. The legality of marijuana use still
remains controversial in the US. Each state has their own restrictions
on their marijuana laws for both medical and recreational uses. Based on
data from the “World Population Review,” by July 2022, there are 14
states that have fully legalized the use of marijuana. In this project,
we will evaluate the association among marijuana use and mental health
burdens, and we would like to propose recommendations for future studies
and policies. The intended final products We will include 6 tabes in our
final website: Welcome page, Background and Descriptive analysis,
Association (statistical outputs), Further Steps, Report, Screencast.
The anticipated data sources Our data comes from National survey on Drug
Use and Health 2002-2019. The planned analyses / visualizations / coding
challenges We will run regression on marijuana and a few mental health
issue (e.g. depression, suscidal thoughts, schizophrenia, anxiety). And
perfrom hypothesis testing. We will make plots showing the trend of
reported marjuana use change over time. And we will have interactive
plots showing the current legalization status of U.S. states, such as
map showing the legality states of marijuana. We might have issue with
dealing with missing value in terms of analysis our data. In addition,
we might have issue of merging data set from different source to create
our report.

The planned timeline (by the given data, tasks should be finished.)
